Brother Lǐ
Why so down?
Weren’t the girls in there fun?
It’s all because of that Qín Ruò Yǔ
That bastard
I gave her face, but she didn’t want it
President Lǐ
For a big shot like you
Qín Ruò Yǔ daring to treat you like this
I feel embarrassed for you
Brother Fù
What do you mean?
The reason Qín Ruò Yǔ
Is so arrogant
Is just because she has Young Master Qín
Backing her up
But behind you
Is the entire Dì Háo Group
Tell me
If Young Master Qín stops wanting her
Wouldn’t Dì Háo Group
Stand behind you?
That makes sense
So
Isn’t it settled?
President Qín
Earlier
I misspoke and offended you
I toast you a glass
As an apology
President Lǐ, you’re too polite
Tonight, I
Drank a bit too much
I really can’t drink anymore
Just one glass
Besides
You can’t let me
Lose face, right?
We still have to cooperate in the future
Since President Lǐ put it that way
Let’s let the past unpleasantness
Go by